Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Who the fuck are you?
Me?
I'm...
Come on!
Fuck!
You missed the garbage.
Put the phone down.
We don't want any trouble.
Your money. Cash.
Now!
Th-That's about all there is.
on that.
That-that's it?
I use a debit card.
Jesus.
I didn't find anything.
What about his watch?
Is this worth something?
To me. it is.
Take it.
Give me your ring.
Give me your fucking ring!
Hey!
Hey! Hey. get off him! Now!
Get off him! Get off him!
I swear to God.
I'll fucking shoot you!
Dad!
Now!
Let him go. son.
What?
I said let him go.
- Hey!
- What? What?
Please stop.
Just take what you want and go.
Please just...
Just shut up!
Let's get out of here.
Baby. let's go.
We picked the wrong
fucking house.
- Just... fucking shit!
- Shut up.
What the fuck. Dad?
I can't believe
I let this happen.
My beautiful wife.
beautiful kids. my home.
broken into with a freaking...
- Mr. Mansell.
- Excuse me?
So. that's how they got in. huh?
Using a pizza box?
Yeah.
And the golf club?
Did you even take a swing?
She had a. uh...
Could've taken her. Dad.
Look. you did the right thing.
Mr. Mansell.
You know. if that was
my family...
We're gonna get out
of your hair.
You just leave that
garage door closed. okay?
Hey. Dad.
Hey. kiddo.
- You couldn't sleep?
- No.
Well...
Oh.
You scared?
Why would I be?
You're here.
Yeah.
Dad?
Yeah?
We need a cat.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I was thinking the same thing.
Come on!
Fuck!
So. uh. I have to do a report
on a veteran for history class.
Think I could just
interview you?
Yeah. sure. son. Um...
you know. I was an auditor.
so kind of a nobody.
That makes for
a pretty dry story.
Yeah. I-I really don't...
don't care.
Just want to finish up
the project and call it a day.
What about your uncle Charlie?
He was a real soldier.
I didn't mean it.
Oh. your mom's right.
Hey. you know what. uh.
I actually already
left him a message.
I'll try again later.
Could try Grandpa.
He actually saw some action.
Yeah. maybe.
Have a great day.
Oh. and. um...
you missed the garbage.
I just...
Oh. I took all the coffee.
Have a good day. Hutch.
Yeah. you. too.
All right. kids. let's go.
Come on.
Let's go.
Put on your seat belt. okay?
Hold on.
Hey.
Heard you had some excitement
last night.
Yeah. it was just. uh...
Man. I wish they'd have picked
my place. you know?
Could've used the exercise.
That's new.
Pretty cool. huh?
Yeah. the old man croaked.
He didn't have much to leave.
but at least I got
something out of it.
Honey. come on.
Got to go.
I'm sorry for your loss.
There's nothing there
to mourn. man.
Pretty slick. though. huh?
The '72 Challenger.
4.9-liter V-8.
Zero to 60 in...
I'm about to find the fuck out.
What do we got?
A rat or a possum?
Don't know.
So...
Good morning. Charlie.
Did I hear right?
Depends who you talked to.
Well. your boy called.
Then. yeah. you heard right.
Now. he says that you had
the drop on one of them.
Why didn't you take 'em out?
I mean. shit...
it's child's play.
I was just trying to keep damage
to a minimum.
Oh. yeah?
How's that working out for you?
Everybody's safe. so...
Jesus!
Don't worry.
Safety's on.
No. wait.
Oops. There.
There. See?
Now. there's nothing that
turns out the lights right quick
like a fucking bullet
to the brain. man.
So... take it.
I don't want it.
It ain't a matter of want.
Hutch.
It's the principle of need.
So. keep my sister safe. bro.
Hey.
Oh. hey.
Uh. I take it Becca called you.
She did.
And I'm thinking you did
the best thing you could.
I mean. you being you.
Yeah. I got you.
Look. let's talk about you
wanting to buy this place.
Do you really want to get rid
of me and Charlie that bad?
Eddie. you're family.
I just want you to enjoy
your retirement
and Charlie his youth.
It's a fair offer.
But not a great one. you know.
Look. I built this place up
from nothing with my hands.
If I'm going to sell it.
then I want it to be a...
goddamn great offer.
- You know?
- Yeah.
What do you want
with this place. anyway?
Guess I just want something
that's mine. you know?
I do.
Hey. Hutch.
I'm rooting for you.
Sounded good.
How long you been listening?
Long enough to know you're
getting mighty good at that.
Shit.
When you're officially dead.
got a lot of free time
on your hands. you know?
Rough life.
So. tell me about last night.
Word travels fast. huh?
Look.
if they know. I know. you know?
There were two of them.
A man and a woman.
Uh. late 20s. I'd say.
They were scared.
Desperate.
She had a gun.
What kind?
Uh. it was an old .38 Special.
Had electrical tape
on the handle.
It was a Smith & Wesson.
Hadn't been shot
in a long while.
And it was. uh...
...empty.
- Seriously?
- Seriously.
Hmm. Now I know why you
didn't do what you didn't do.
What'd they get?
Not much. Just a couple bucks.
Well. I guess it
could've been worse. man.
Yeah.
Look. I know what
you're thinking about.
and I wish you wasn't.
Don't do nothing stupid.
You hear me?
Hey. Dad.
- You been eating?
- What?
You okay?
I'm okay.
You don't look okay.
Do you remember who
we used to be. Hutchie?
I do.
Hey. buddy.
How was school?
Fine.
Hi. sweetheart.
Come on. Help out.
How was today?
- It was what it was.
- I can't find it.
- Ugh.
- You can't find what?
My kitty cat bracelet.
Where was it?
In here.
They couldn't have stolen that.
would they?
Honey. I'm sure
it'll turn up somewhere.
Back so soon?
Hey. Pop.
There's this thing I got to do.
Then you best go do it.
Agent Mansell. FBI.
- That's old.
- I'm looking for...
What?
Your I.D.... the badge expired
by about 20 years.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure
that ain't you in the photo.
So...
Who are you?
I'm just a man...
who's looking for someone.
Yeah. well.
you probably shouldn't
flash cheese like that
around here. bro.
There are three types of people
who. as you say. "flash cheese":
people who don't know
any better.
people who are seeking
to intimidate.
and people like me. who wish
with every fiber of their being
that someone would try
to take it from them.
Uh...
Thank you for your service.
You. too. old-timer.
So. any takers?
How can I help you?
Send me in the direction
of this person.
Luis.
I speak. You listen.
You know why I'm here.
'Cause I'm a good man.
I'm a family man.
Most of all. I'm a man
who did not deserve
your gun in his face.
Now. the watch.
The kitty cat bracelet.
What? I don't know
what the fuck you're...
Give me the goddamn kitty cat
bracelet. motherfucker!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I swear to God. I don't know.
- The goddamn bracelet.
- I'll help you find it!
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Please. man.
I don't know where it is!
Swear to God. I don't know.
Luis!
Hey. please just leave.
- Please don't hurt us. Please.
- Please just leave.
Fuck.
Bus!
They say
God doesn't close one door
without opening another.
Please. God. open that door.
Yeah!
No. there's
no drinking on the bus.
Want a drink?
Ooh. what do we have here?
This girl's gonna
get home safe tonight.
I hope these assholes
like hospital food.
A girl alone on a bus at night?
- Just fucking stupid.
- It's stupid. right?
Hey. guys. guys.
What are you still doing here.
old man?
I'm gonna fuck you up.
Yo. I got it. I got it.
Come on!
Shit.
Oh. fuck!
...nose!
What the fuck are you saying?
Nose is broken!
My fucking teeth.
- Is it bad?
- It's bad.
Fuck!
Your arm is fucked up.
Who the fuck is this guy?
Man. are you...
Fucked up.
Run.
Thank you.
Sorry about the mess.
- Hey.
I couldn't sleep.
Where'd you go?
Yeah.
It's been a hell of a day.
I can see that.
Just like old times. huh?
Mm-hmm.
I miss you.
I'm right here. Hutch.
I'm always right here.
I know.
Tonight...
I was thinking...
About what?
About...
Becca.
How we haven't embraced
in far too long.
We haven't shared a kiss in...
I don't know.
We haven't had sex in months.
We haven't made love in years.
You seem so far away.
I know that's... it's unfair
to put it like that. but...
I just...
I-I miss you.
Remember who we used to be?
I do.
All right. man. there he is!
Hi.
On the house. sir.
Ah.
Will he walk again?
Sir. we are
monitoring his vitals.
but the damage
to his brain is...
Dr. Mendez to Critical Care.
Dr. Mendez.
Yulian...
Who did this to my brother?
There was a man.
He attacked us unprovoked.
One man?
Are you fucking with me?
- No. sir. No. sir!
- Don't you lie to me!
Don't you fucking lie to me!
Don't you...
Don't you lie to me!
Don't you fucking lie to me!
I'm not lying to you. I swear.
Yulian?
Please don't get more mad.
You hated Teddy.
Your words may be correct.
but they are no less unwise.
How can I find this man?
- Mmm.
- Morning.
Morning.
What happened to you?
Hmm?
Dad. you look like shit.
You should see the other guys.
When you made that tackle.
that was a good takedown.
You had my back.
and I'm proud of you.
Morning.
Hutch here.
Last night. that was you. huh?
I thought we said no landlines.
Relax. I got 30 seconds.
Okay. well. go.
So. how did it feel?
Like salvation day.
Yeah. I bet.
Look. I'm happy that your
relapse made you feel so good.
- but. man. you got a fucking problem.
- Yeah?
One of those guys was the
brother of Yulian Kuznetsov.
and you don't want
to fuck with him. Hutch.
I'm serious.
Ask The Barber. He knows.
It was an isolated incident.
sir.
Yulian Kuznetsov.
Ask The Barber.
Who was that?
Just a distributor of ours.
Hey. I have an idea.
How about I make that lasagna
that you love tonight?
You know. from scratch.
like I used to.
- It's been a while.
- Lasagna!
I'd really like that.
Gentlemen.
Mr. Mansell.
It has been some time.
That it has.
What. pray tell.
may we do for you. good sir?
What can you tell me
about Yulian Kuznetsov?
Am I really now
that predictable?
From where I sit. Mr. Mansell.
everyone is.
Short story long.
he's as bad as they come.
A connected. funded sociopath
with resources
to make things complicated.
So. he's a bad guy?
- Has he got any hobbies?
- Collects art.
to the tune of eight
and nine figures.
Anything good?
Fuck if I know.
But what I do know is.
if he doesn't know
who you are yet.
he will soon.
What have you got for me?
I found his dad.
He's got him at
a nursing home downtown.
That's not much.
I wouldn't worry
about this Hutch guy.
Your man here looks to be
as vanilla as they come.
If you can't recognize a wolf
in sheep's clothing.
I question the viability
of your employment here.
I have a friend at the Pentagon.
I'll keep looking.
One blackmail package coming up.
What the fuck?
What?
And if he can't take care
of a loose end like you.
he'd have to give up
his share of the Obshak.
The Obshak?
Think of it like the 401(k)
of the Russian mob.
That's hundreds of millions
of dollars in cash
perpetually on the move.
and Yulian is
the current babysitter.
That said. he's more than
a bit weary of this life.
I think. if he had his way.
he'd probably walk away.
I'm out. No need to pay.
Good luck.
It's beautiful.
May I interest you in some wine?
Yes. please.
Uh. I am also interested.
- Nope.
Um. who wants some?
- Uh-huh. Yes.
- Me.
Right. There you go.
Hey. how about we all head
to Italy this summer?
We've always talked
about going back.
Oh. I'd love that.
But. um. can we afford it?
I guess the real question is:
Can we afford not to?
- Well. that would be wonderful.
- Yeah.
'Cause. you know.
Rome is where Mom and Dad met.
You know. Mom and Dad
fell in love...
Ew.
Everybody. get to the basement.
- What?
- Right now.
- Let's go. Move.
- What's going on?
- What is happening?
- Move! - Dad. what...
- What-What's happening?
- Right now.
- Hutch. you're scaring me.
- Move!
- What is going on?
- Go! Get the door. son.
- Yep.
- Is this a game?
- Yes. is this a game. Hutch?
- I like games.
Hutch. what is happening?
What...
Don't call 911.
Hey.
I never met
a Black Russian before.
Yeah.
I get that a lot.
Who the hell are you?
Nobody.
Short story long. um.
I used to be
what they call an auditor
for those three-letter agencies.
An auditor. as in. uh...
the last guy any organization
wants to see at their door.
I couldn't arrest anyone.
so I used to make sure that
there was no one left to...
Shit.
Hello?
Hey. Pops.
That thing I had to go do.
it escalated.
Heads up. okay?
Shit.
Come on. you got
to give me something.
I will. but not now.
I need to take care of this.
What-what... what is...
What is this?
It is...
what it is.
This is me.
Becca. I love you.
but I need you
to trust me right now.
Okay? Blind for the last time.
I promise.
Come back.
We'll deal with us then.
I'll take the kids
somewhere safe.
Well. fellas. here we are.
I know your boss sent you here.
but you got to know
when to say no.
A couple of chapters back. um.
there was this guy named Alan.
Aaron.
No. it was Alan.
Alan skimmed
about three million bucks
from a U.S. military base
in Rivolto. Italy.
and his prize was me
looming over him
with a Walther PPK.
No. wait.
Uh. it was a suppressed
H&K USP .45
at the back of his head.
And he started begging.
like they all do.
and I usually pulled the trigger
before the waterworks began.
but this time I listened.
I heard a man who
genuinely regretted his choices
and wanted nothing more
than to shed his wolf skin
and return to the pasture
as a lamb.
I quietly let Alan go.
A year later.
I went back to check on him.
fully expecting to find him
back unto the fold.
Alan was living in Boise. Idaho.
He had a wife.
She came with two kids.
They had another on the way.
They had a dog.
He was working 9:00 to 5:00.
Nothing there to skim.
And he was smiling.
Like a goddamn Buddha.
That motherfucker!
I am not a jealous guy.
but in that moment.
I wanted what Alan had.
So I told my bosses
I was out of the game.
They were not happy to hear it.
They didn't believe
I could do it.
I gave it my all.
I really did.
It was good.
You know. it was better
than I expected.
I might have. uh. overcorrected.
But...
Sneaky devil.
Fucking kitty cat bracelet.
Fun fact:
Bone burns to ash
at 1.500 degrees.
and this basement is designed
to double that.
so they won't be finding you
among the rubble.
Deep down. I always knew
it was a facade.
It lasted a lot longer
than I expected.
4.9-liter V-8. he said.
Zero to 60 in...
I'm about to find the fuck out.
Come on. Davey.
Please turn that shit down.
- I'm buying this place.
- What?
That's my offer.
Holy shit.
Well. hold on a minute.
I get a say in this.
No. you don't.
Yes. I do. Pop. don't!
We put our blood. sweat
and tears into this place.
Charlie. sit your ass down
right now.
Listen to your father.
Okay. okay. Sit down.
Breathe.
Breathe deep. okay?
There you go. That's it.
But what am I gonna do?
I don't give a shit.
Deal.
Now get out of here.
Three unidentified
bodies were found dead
in a suspicious car accident
last night on Route 34.
Authorities are still trying
to figure out the cause
and if anyone else is involved.
If you have any information
on this accident.
you are encouraged
to call the...
Yo. Hutch. you there?
- Hutchie boy.
- Hey.
Dude. fucking with the Russians?
Classic. Hutch.
Fucking with that
batshit crazy Yulian?
I mean. that's a whole other
level of recklessness. man.
I got to do what I got to do.
Yeah. of course. right. right.
and get yourself shot.
That's going to solve
everything.
They came after my family.
- They came at Dad.
- I know.
Who the fuck you think
helped Pop clean this shit up?
I've got a plan.
You got a fucking plan.
Listen. Hutch.
I'm not coming out of hiding
to save your white ass...
Mr. Mansell.
Hey.
Enjoying the meal?
Oh. I came for the show.
Cute.
You have some nerve
to be here like this.
Yeah. Maybe.
What say you and I
have a moment?
Now. on the one hand.
there's a long-dormant
piece of me now awake
that wants so very badly
to play this out.
The other.
more reasonable piece of me...
what's left of it...
would like to end our little
tête-à-tête right now.
What's done is done.
After all.
we can both rebuild. right?
Right.
Mm. wait. Rebuild?
I burned it... all of it.
What all?
Everything you have.
Had.
Everything you had.
My art?
Obshak!
You should've seen it go up.
It was something.
I mean. if this doesn't
make us even...
because. after all.
you came to my house.
which you know
you don't fucking do!
You killed my brother.
The last I saw.
he was still breathing.
And based on what little
I know of the man.
that's probably more
than he deserved.
Now...
you can come after me.
and if you succeed
in taking me down.
well. you're still obligated
to refinance the entire Obshak.
which begs the question...
can you?
Do you even want to?
'Cause I've heard
that you want out.
What better time than right now?
Let's both quit.
Right? You got a nest egg.
I mean. besides from what's
still smoldering.
So. hmm?
Get some work done.
Maybe. uh. open a tiki bar
in one of the lesser-known
Caribbean islands
and live your life
far from me and mine.
Think it over.
I'll be nearby.
Fuck it!
Why do you want to quit now?
Hey. Hutchie!
Remember when I said
don't do nothing stupid?
Because I wouldn't come save
your white ass?
Well. here I fucking am!
Now!
Dad?
Ha-ha! Son.
Get in there.
Wow.
You brought a lot of shotguns.
Well. you brought a lot
of Russians.
You know. I tried
the retirement thing.
I tried it.
Sleep in late.
breakfast.
walk around the quad...
...lunch. nap. swim.
But goddamn it. Hutchie...
...if I didn't miss this shit.
Ladies and gentlemen.
this is your captain speaking.
Prepare for takeoff.
Do svidaniya.
You out?
Yeah.
Dad?
- You out?
- Yeah.
Had you just stolen the Obshak.
we could have found a way out.
but to burn it all down?
- I got emotional.
- No.
No. you got stupid. Mr. Mansell.
And your family
will pay the price.
What's he doing?
What the fuck you doing. man?
Everybody dies.
Some sooner than others.
Okay. Hutchie.
Just a bit excessive...
but glorious.
Glorious. my ass.
Thank you. Thank you.
Well. that don't sound too good.
Yeah. Get out of here.
All right? I got this.
Yeah.
Well. Hutchie. you both got
what you wanted.
And I got shot.
Hi. This is Rebecca Mansell.
Please leave
your name and number.
and I'll call you right back.
Becca. it's me. I. uh...
I owe you everything.
My life before you was...
Well. you know.
Thanks for letting me pretend
I was someone else.
If you give me another chance.
I'll try to get it right
this time.
I love you.
Who the fuck are you?
Me?
Me. I'm...
I'm nobody.
- Mm.
- That ain't much of an answer.
Trust me. it's answer enough.
That's rich.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. what?
And right this way. we've got
the beautiful dining room.
The walls used to be
a lot darker.
but it's been recently renovated
to have a brighter look.
Oh. baby. look at the light.
And as you can see.
the previous owners were foodies
who valued the kitchen
above all else.
La cucina.
La cucina molto bella.
Custom-built cabinetry.
granite countertops.
high-end stainless steel
appliances.
Sorry.
You name it. this kitchen's got it.
And with that. we...
- I-I'm sorry.
- That's okay.
I know the life. Go ahead.
Thanks.
- The pond.
- Hello. this is...
- The private pond.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- Oh. it's for you.
Hutch here.
Thanks.
Um. does this house
have a. uh...
A basement.
Tell me again about that guy
you shot on the stairs.
It was three guys. Pops. Three.
Really?
I still don't believe you.
Well. it still happened.
Hmm.
Why can't we just fly there?
With this luggage?
Oh... yeah.
Oh. yeah.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm